the orangutan
the man of the forest this great ape
lives only in Borneo and here in Sumatra
20,000 years ago it was found on the
mainland too but now these islands are
its last refuge a Rui Newton's are fruit
eaters but prolific fruiting trees like
figs are widely scattered so they have
to cover a lot of forest to find enough
food few trees have enough fruit to feed
more than one or two animals as big as
this
so these Apes can't live in large groups
young animals stay with their mothers
for several years but full-grown males
are solitary
despite the weight orangutangs in
Sumatra spend most of the time up in the
trees they travel on the ground only
when there is no alternative and this is
one reason why
[Music]
Samarra still has Tigers a tiger could
kill in a rainy attack especially a
young
[Music]
you